bpo-40304: Correct type(name, bases, dict) doc (#19553)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2021-01-20-23-03-49.bpo-40304.-LK7Ps.rst

> Fix doc for type(name, bases, dict).  Patch by Борис Верховский
> (Boris Verhovsky).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix doc for type(name, bases, dict).  Patch by Boris Verhovsky and
Éric Araujo.
```
